You want me out!
Don't you understand human language?
He said he told you to leave.
What are you standing there for?
Get her out of here.
Ly Van Hieu, I came here to marry you.
Do you want me to be everyone s laughing stock?
Stop talking.
You're crazy.
Get out!
Van Hieu
I ask you one last time.
You really want me to leave.
The crazy woman.
I don't know you.
Today is my wedding day.
You're here to collide with people.
Do you want to destroy me?
Come on.
Get this guy out of here!
I'll see who dares.
This kind of vibe, this body.
Like the princess of the year.
It's impossible.
She's a crazy woman.
It can't be a princess.
Very good.
Ly Van Hieu
I've worked hard to raise you for 20 years.
Send you to school
I have no hesitation in losing 20 years of my life.
In exchange for a life.
Now you've grown up.
Climb up to the house
You don't recognize me as your mother.